.TH "include/apreq_error.h" 3 "4 May 2005" "Version 2.05-dev" "libapreq2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/apreq_error.h \- Error status codes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'apr_errno.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'apreq.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPR_EBADARG\fP   \fBAPR_BADARG\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_GENERAL\fP   \fBAPR_OS_START_USERERR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_TAINTED\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL + 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_INTERRUPT\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL + 2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADDATA\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 10)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADCHAR\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADSEQ\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADATTR\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  3)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADHEADER\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  4)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADUTF8\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  5)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NODATA\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 20)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NOTOKEN\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NOATTR\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NOHEADER\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  3)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NOPARSER\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  4)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 30)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_OVERLIMIT\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_UNDERLIMIT\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBAPREQ_ERROR_NOTEMPTY\fP   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  3)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBapreq_strerror\fP (\fBapr_status_t\fP s, char *buf, \fBapr_size_t\fP bufsize)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Error status codes. 

Define the APREQ_ error codes. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADATTR   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  3)"
.PP
Invalid attribute. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADCHAR   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  1)"
.PP
Invalid character. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 10)"
.PP
Invalid input data. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADHEADER   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  4)"
.PP
Invalid header. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADSEQ   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  2)"
.PP
Invalid byte sequence. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_BADUTF8   (APREQ_ERROR_BADDATA  +  5)"
.PP
Invalid utf8 encoding. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL   \fBAPR_OS_START_USERERR\fP"
.PP
Internal apreq error. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_INTERRUPT   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL + 2)"
.PP
Parsing interrupted. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 30)"
.PP
Conflicting information. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NOATTR   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  2)"
.PP
Missing attribute. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL  + 20)"
.PP
Missing input data. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NOHEADER   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  3)"
.PP
Missing header. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NOPARSER   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  4)"
.PP
Missing parser. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NOTEMPTY   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  3)"
.PP
Setting already configured. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_NOTOKEN   (APREQ_ERROR_NODATA   +  1)"
.PP
Missing required token. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_OVERLIMIT   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  1)"
.PP
Exceeds configured maximum limit. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_TAINTED   (APREQ_ERROR_GENERAL + 1)"
.PP
Attempted to perform unsafe action with tainted data. 
.SS "#define APREQ_ERROR_UNDERLIMIT   (APREQ_ERROR_MISMATCH +  2)"
.PP
Below configured minimum limit. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* apreq_strerror (\fBapr_status_t\fP s, char * buf, \fBapr_size_t\fP bufsize)"
.PP
apreq's wrapper around \fBapr_strerror()\fP; recognizes APREQ_ERROR_* status codes. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libapreq2 from the source code.
