.TH "include/apreq_param.h" 3 "4 May 2005" "Version 2.05-dev" "libapreq2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/apreq_param.h \- Request parsing and parameter API. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'apreq.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'apr_buckets.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBapreq_param_t\fP \fBapreq_param_t\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP unsigned \fBapreq_param_is_tainted\fP (const \fBapreq_param_t\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP void \fBapreq_param_tainted_on\fP (\fBapreq_param_t\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP void \fBapreq_param_tainted_off\fP (\fBapreq_param_t\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_charset_t\fP \fBapreq_param_charset_set\fP (\fBapreq_param_t\fP *p, unsigned char c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_charset_t\fP \fBapreq_param_charset_get\fP (\fBapreq_param_t\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_param_t\fP * \fBapreq_value_to_param\fP (const char *val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBapreq_param_t\fP * \fBapreq_param_make\fP (\fBapr_pool_t\fP *p, const char *name, const \fBapr_size_t\fP nlen, const char *val, const \fBapr_size_t\fP vlen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBapr_status_t\fP \fBapreq_param_decode\fP (\fBapreq_param_t\fP **param, \fBapr_pool_t\fP *pool, const char *word, \fBapr_size_t\fP nlen, \fBapr_size_t\fP vlen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBapreq_param_encode\fP (\fBapr_pool_t\fP *pool, const \fBapreq_param_t\fP *param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBapr_status_t\fP \fBapreq_parse_query_string\fP (\fBapr_pool_t\fP *pool, \fBapr_table_t\fP *t, const char *qs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBapr_array_header_t\fP * \fBapreq_params_as_array\fP (\fBapr_pool_t\fP *p, const \fBapr_table_t\fP *t, const char *key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBapreq_params_as_string\fP (\fBapr_pool_t\fP *p, const \fBapr_table_t\fP *t, const char *key, \fBapreq_join_t\fP mode)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBapr_table_t\fP * \fBapreq_uploads\fP (const \fBapr_table_t\fP *body, \fBapr_pool_t\fP *pool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBapreq_param_t\fP * \fBapreq_upload\fP (const \fBapr_table_t\fP *body, const char *name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Request parsing and parameter API. 


.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBapreq_param_t\fP  \fBapreq_param_t\fP"
.PP
Common data structure for params and file uploads 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_charset_t\fP apreq_param_charset_get (\fBapreq_param_t\fP * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Gets the character encoding for this parameter. 
.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_charset_t\fP apreq_param_charset_set (\fBapreq_param_t\fP * p, unsigned char c)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Sets the character encoding for this parameter. 
.SS "\fBapr_status_t\fP apreq_param_decode (\fBapreq_param_t\fP ** param, \fBapr_pool_t\fP * pool, const char * word, \fBapr_size_t\fP nlen, \fBapr_size_t\fP vlen)"
.PP
Url-decodes a name=value pair into a param.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP points to the decoded parameter on success 
.br
\fIpool\fP Pool from which the param is allocated. 
.br
\fIword\fP Start of the name=value pair. 
.br
\fInlen\fP Length of urlencoded name. 
.br
\fIvlen\fP Length of urlencoded value.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
APR_SUCCESS + apreq_charset_t (<=APREQ_CHARSET_UTF8) on success. 
.PP
\fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADSEQ\fP or \fBAPREQ_ERROR_BADCHAR\fP on malformed input.
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Unless vlen == 0, this function assumes there is exactly one character ('=') which separates the pair. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "char* apreq_param_encode (\fBapr_pool_t\fP * pool, const \fBapreq_param_t\fP * param)"
.PP
Url-encodes the param into a name-value pair. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpool\fP Pool which allocates the returned string. 
.br
\fIparam\fP Param to encode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
name-value pair representing the param. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP unsigned apreq_param_is_tainted (const \fBapreq_param_t\fP * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 if the taint flag is set, 0 otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBapreq_param_t\fP* apreq_param_make (\fBapr_pool_t\fP * p, const char * name, const \fBapr_size_t\fP nlen, const char * val, const \fBapr_size_t\fP vlen)"
.PP
creates a param from name/value information 
.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP void apreq_param_tainted_off (\fBapreq_param_t\fP * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Turns off the taint flag. 
.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP void apreq_param_tainted_on (\fBapreq_param_t\fP * p)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Sets the tainted flag. 
.SS "\fBapr_array_header_t\fP* apreq_params_as_array (\fBapr_pool_t\fP * p, const \fBapr_table_t\fP * t, const char * key)"
.PP
Returns an array of parameters (\fBapreq_param_t\fP *) matching the given key. The key is case-insensitive. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Allocates the returned array. 
.br
\fIt\fP the parameter table returned by \fBapreq_args()\fP, \fBapreq_body()\fP or \fBapreq_params()\fP 
.br
\fIkey\fP Null-terminated search key, case insensitive. key==NULL fetches all parameters. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
an array of apreq_param_t* (pointers) 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Also parses the request if necessary. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* apreq_params_as_string (\fBapr_pool_t\fP * p, const \fBapr_table_t\fP * t, const char * key, \fBapreq_join_t\fP mode)"
.PP
Returns a ', ' -joined string containing all parameters for the requested key, an empty string if none are found. The key is case-insensitive.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Allocates the return string. 
.br
\fIt\fP the parameter table returned by \fBapreq_args()\fP, \fBapreq_body()\fP or \fBapreq_params()\fP 
.br
\fIkey\fP Null-terminated parameter name, case insensitive. key==NULL fetches all values. 
.br
\fImode\fP Join type- see \fBapreq_join()\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the joined string or NULL on error 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Also parses the request if necessary. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBapr_status_t\fP apreq_parse_query_string (\fBapr_pool_t\fP * pool, \fBapr_table_t\fP * t, const char * qs)"
.PP
Parse a url-encoded string into a param table. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpool\fP pool used to allocate the param data. 
.br
\fIt\fP table to which the params are added. 
.br
\fIqs\fP Query string to url-decode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
APR_SUCCESS if successful, error otherwise. 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
This function uses [&;] as the set of tokens to delineate words, and will treat a word w/o '=' as a name-value pair with value-length = 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBapreq_param_t\fP* apreq_upload (const \fBapr_table_t\fP * body, const char * name)"
.PP
Returns the first param in req->body which has both param->v.name matching key (case insensitive) and param->upload != NULL. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbody\fP parameter table returned by \fBapreq_body()\fP or \fBapreq_params()\fP 
.br
\fIname\fP Parameter name. key == NULL returns first upload. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Corresponding upload, NULL if none found. 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Will parse the request as necessary. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBapr_table_t\fP* apreq_uploads (const \fBapr_table_t\fP * body, \fBapr_pool_t\fP * pool)"
.PP
Returns a table of all params in req->body with non-NULL upload brigades. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbody\fP parameter table returned by \fBapreq_body()\fP or \fBapreq_params()\fP 
.br
\fIpool\fP Pool which allocates the table struct. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Upload table. 
.RE
.PP
\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
Will parse the request if necessary. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "static \fBAPR_INLINE\fP \fBapreq_param_t\fP* apreq_value_to_param (const char * val)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Upgrades args and body table values to \fBapreq_param_t\fP structs. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libapreq2 from the source code.
